readme.md, before:

## Full Ride Code Challenge

### Yahtzee Challenge

**Object**: Roll dice for scoring combinations, and get the highest total score.

**Game Summary**: On each turn, roll the dice up to 3 times to get the highest 
scoring combination for one of the categories on the scorecard.  After you
finish rolling, you must place a score or a zero in one of the category boxes on
the score card.  The game ends when all players have filled the categories.
Scores are totaled and the player with the highest total wins.

**Taking a turn**: On your turn, you may roll the dice up to 3 times, although
you may stop and score after your first or second roll.

Example:  

_First Roll_: You roll all 5 dice and you decide to keep 3 of the rolls.  
_Second Roll_: You roll the other 2 dice and get 1 that you want to keep.  
_Third Roll_: You don't roll what you want so you keep the 4 and fill in a
category on your scorecard.  

**Simplified Scorecard**:  

|Category   |What to score  |
|-----------|---------------|
|Ones       |Total of ones  |
|Twos       |Total of twos  |
|Threes     |Total of threes|
|Fours      |Total of fours |
|Fives      |Total of fives |
|Sixes      |Total of sixes |
|Full House |25 points      |
|YAHTZEE    |50 points      |
|Chance     |Total all dice |


**Yahtzee**: Score in this box only if the dice show five of the same number (5
of a kind).  

**Chance**: Score the total of _any_ 5 dice in this box.  This catch-all
category comes in handy when you can't (or don't want to) score in another
category, and don't want to enter a zero for a category.

Commit message:

Added minimum requirements and some extended requirements

readme.md, after:

## Full Ride Code Challenge

### Yahtzee Challenge

**Object**: Roll dice for scoring combinations, and get the highest total score.

**Game Summary**: On each turn, roll the dice up to 3 times to get the highest 
scoring combination for one of the categories on the scorecard.  After you
finish rolling, **you must place a score or a zero in one of the category boxes on
the score card**.  The game ends when a player has filled all the categories.
Scores are totaled and the player with the highest total wins.

**Taking a turn**: On your turn, you may roll the dice up to 3 times, although
you may stop and score after your first or second roll.

Example:  

_First Roll_: You roll all 5 dice and you decide to keep 3 of the rolls.  
_Second Roll_: You roll the other 2 dice and get 1 that you want to keep.  
_Third Roll_: You don't roll what you want so you keep the 4 and fill in a
category on your scorecard.  

**Simplified Scorecard**:  

|Category   |What to score  |
|-----------|---------------|
|Ones       |Total of ones  |
|Twos       |Total of twos  |
|Threes     |Total of threes|
|Fours      |Total of fours |
|Fives      |Total of fives |
|Sixes      |Total of sixes |
|Full House |25 points      |
|YAHTZEE    |50 points      |
|Chance     |Total all dice |


**Yahtzee**: Score in this box only if the dice show five of the same number (5
of a kind).  

**Chance**: Score the total of _any_ 5 dice in this box.  This catch-all
category comes in handy when you can't (or don't want to) score in another
category, and don't want to enter a zero for a category.

**Challenge Guidelines**: In the real game of Yahtzee there are bonus points and
more categories but for this challenge you can ignore that those exist.

#### Minimum Requirements:  
1.  You can play the game with at least 1 player.  
2.  There is some sort of introduction screen that prompts the user to play the game.  
3.  There is a scorecard that keeps track of your score.  
4.  The game must be developed using Ruby, Sinatra, or Rails.  The game can be a
terminal game or on a web page using one of the above frameworks.  You may also
use the Gosu framework (used for building games in Ruby).
5.  Players are not allowed to have a turn that doesn't fill in a category with
a number or zero.  
6.  Players are able to choose which category they want to use for a particular
turn (end of the 3 rolls).  Example: after my 3 rolls lets say I got [1,1,4,1,5] I should be able to choose
whether I want that roll to count for my `Ones` or `Chance`.  
7.  Once a player fills all categories the game ends.  


#### Extended Requirements:
1.  Make the game 1-4 players.  
2.  Make an AI that a single player can play against.  
3.  Allow the AI to have different difficulty settings.  
4.  Keep track of high scores so you can try and get the best score possible.
